#  Homework &#35;6 – Isadora Composition

 Due | Monday, October 31 &#64; 3:00 PM
:--- | :---
What: | Complete the [Composite Mapping Tutorial](http://troikatronix.com/support/kb/composite-mapping-tutorial/) and integrate that image into an Isadora composition of your own design.
How to Submit: | There are several options for submission:<br /><br /><ul><li>Zip up your project and email to your instructors.  See [Moving an Isadora Show to Another Computer](http://troikatronix.com/support/kb/moving-an-isadora-show-to-another-computer/) for advice on how to organize project files.</li><li>Record the output of your stage and email the movie file to your instructors.</li><li>If you are experimenting with projection mapping onto different surfaces, you can also video record / film the actual projection output.</li>


## Details
Your 6th homework assignment has two parts:

1.  Complete the [Composite Mapping Tutorial](http://troikatronix.com/support/kb/composite-mapping-tutorial/).  Your result should be an Isadora .izz project with a Picture Player and Projector that displays a masked version of the [binocular-sculpture.jpg](http://troikatronix.com/tt-images/izzymap/binocular-sculpture.jpg) image on Stage 1.  

2.  Building off that foundation, create your own custom Isadora composition using other images and/or videos and modified with Core Video Effects, Quartz Composer filters, and FreeFrame GL actors.  Your goal is to understand how video flows from a video source through various filter actors to a projector actor and the &quot;stage.&quot;

If you are interested in testing out the projection mapping capabilities of Isadora on a non-rectilinear surface, I have two LCD projectors that can be picked up during our Friday office hours and borrowed through the weekend.

## Tips

* For more information on the IzzyMap interface, see http://troikatronix.com/support/kb/projection-mapping-in-isadora/  

* Remember that each Video Source actor needs to be connected to its *own* Projector actor.   Different Projector actors can be set to output on the same stage however.   By default, all Projectors output to Stage 1.

* The 517-page Isadora Manual is available from the application's Help menu.  

* Finally, there are [video tutorials](http://troikatronix.com/support/kb/video-tutorials/) available for your review.  Please note, however, that they were created using version 1.0 of the software.  We are using version 2.0.  



## Questions?

Contact your instructor or TA.
